Add `New Featured Artist: 1914` news article (#10121)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-09-30-new-featured-artist-1914.md

---
layout: post
title: "New Featured Artist: 1914"
date: 2023-09-30 11:00:00 +0000
---

**1914** makes history as the latest addition to our Featured Artists!

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/382/header.jpg)

> Some musicans create music inspired by their favorite artists or genres. Ukranian metal band **1914**, however, creates music inspired by the chaos and terror behind World War I.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some musicians create music inspired by their favourite artists or genres. Ukrainian metal band **1914**, however, creates music inspired by the chaos and terror behind World War I.
```

7-star marathon maps like [FN .380 ACP#19074](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1736332) and [Arrival. The Meuse-Argonne](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1734521) have provided a new battleground for the highest tier of circle clickers. As of today, even more of **1914**'s songs are joining the ranks!

More specifically, **7** masterfully crafted stories (featuring intense metal backing) can be found on [**1914**'s Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/382).

> During [COE](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event/2023) last month, we glued [etn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4581069) to a chair and forced him to full combo the climax of [Arrival. The Meuse-Argonne](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1734521). Check that out (along with the rest of these previews):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During [COE](/wiki/Community/cavoe's_osu!_event/2023) two months ago, we glued [etn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4581069) to a chair and forced him to full combo the climax of [Arrival. The Meuse-Argonne](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1734521). Check that out (along with the rest of these previews):
```

Experience [the map from the video above](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1734521) hosted by [nebuwua](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14729352) for yourself!

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/382/1914/The Blind Leading The Blind/1914 - Arrival. The Meuse-Argonne.mp3">
</audio>

### 1914 - FN .380 ACP#19074

Or try [this collab marathon](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1736332) created by [MANi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12006447) and [morphne](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12927633)!

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/382/1914/Where Fear And Weapons Meet/1914 - FN .380 ACP#19074.mp3">
</audio>

### 1914 - Don't Tread on Me (Harlem Hellfighters)

Surpass the 8-star barrier with [this map](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1899983) hosted by [monzuul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/15599657)!

<audio controls>
    <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/382/1914/Where Fear And Weapons Meet/1914 - Don_t Tread on Me (Harlem Hellfighters).mp3">
</audio>

---

Make history for yourself by crafting the next mapping masterpiece with a tune from [**1914**'s Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/382)!

> Or if you'd rather show off your circle clicking competency, there's **2 more days** until the ongoing batch of [**Featured Artist playlists** in osu!(lazer)](/wiki/People/Featured_Artists/Featured_Artist_playlists) ends! If you're in the top 10 when it's over, you could earn yourself a [slick profile badge](/wiki/People/Featured_Artists/Featured_Artist_playlists#prizes)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if you'd rather show off your circle clicking competency, there are **2 more days** until the ongoing batch of [**Featured Artist playlists** in osu!(lazer)](/wiki/People/Featured_Artists/Featured_Artist_playlists) ends! If you're in the top 10 when it's over, you could earn yourself a [slick profile badge](/wiki/People/Featured_Artists/Featured_Artist_playlists#prizes)!
```
